Permission token examples (#467)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/blockchain/metadata.md

## Permissions

Pre-configured tokens in Iroha 2 that allow to set or remove

> key-values in accounts, assets, asset definitions etc. are described here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key-values in accounts, assets, asset definitions, and so on are described here:
```

Author: Do you mean we have to remove links from metadata to permission tokens?

Reviewer: no, why? my correction is simply for the line 162

Author: Oh, true. My bad

> key-values in accounts, assets, asset definitions, and so on are described here:
> 
> - [`Permissions`](/reference/permissions.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key-values in accounts, assets, asset definitions, and so on are described in [`Permissions`](/reference/permissions.md).
```
